you can start massaging a few drops of
castor oil into your eyebrows
and putting a little bit of it on your
lashes as well wait for about 30 minutes
or so before washing your face with warm
water
all done shea butter was definitely one
of my all-time
favorite remedies on my way to naturally
thick brows and long lashes
it contains numerous vitamins including
vitamins a and e
which improve your hair texture and
encourage hair growth
to achieve the best possible results
choose organic shea butter and use it
every night
all you have to do is take a tiny bit of
it warm and melt it with your fingers
and apply it directly to your brows and
lashes
shea butter doesn't require rinsing off
it will soak into your brows and lashes
overnight making them soft
and thick in the morning as it turns out
you can not only drink green tea to be
beautiful
but also apply it to your face it's
packed with crucial antioxidants
that provoke healthy hair growth making
your lashes and eyebrows
way thicker and you'll only need five
minutes to make it
first take one teaspoon of fresh green
tea leaves put them in a cup of hot
water
and leave them to soak once the water is
cooled down
apply the tea to your eyelashes and
massage it into your brows
you can wash it off after about 30 to 40
minutes but
i prefer to leave it overnight and let
the green tea's nutrients and vitamins
work their magic my ultimate secret
weapon is a combination of castor
lavender and cedarwood essential oils
they all contain a unique complex of
vitamins and minerals to promote hair
growth
and nourish the hair at the same time to
make this essential oil serum
i take a clean empty mascara bottle and
pour in
one teaspoon of castor oil two to three
drops of lavender oil
and two drops of cedarwood oil then i
shake the bottle
and apply the serum to my brows and
lashes before i go to sleep
judging from my experience if you
continue to apply this remedy regularly
you won't even have to finish your
bottle you'll see fantastic results
right away if you don't have any
essential oils at hand
petroleum jelly vaseline will do the job
this substance moisturizes and soothes
brittle dry
lashes it also helps them become thicker
and grow longer
on top of that by applying petroleum
jelly to your eyelashes
you moisturize your eyelids as well as a
result
your skin stays supple and soft however
it's essential for your health to do
this procedure correctly
first of all apply a generous amount of
petroleum jelly to your brush
and then carefully brush your upper
lashes be careful not to get any
petroleum jelly in your eyes
after doing this you can spread the
leftovers onto your eyelid
if your skin is sensitive it may cause
an unwanted reaction
so apply a bit of petroleum jelly to the
back of your hand in advance
and check your skin for redness a bit
later after tending to your upper lashes
dip your brush in the petroleum deli
again and apply it to your lower lashes
if you make a habit of doing this
procedure every evening before going to
bed
your eyelashes will get enough moisture
to not fall out
or break off prematurely if you starve
yourself
or on the contrary love junk food a
little too much
you won't be able to keep your eyelashes
healthy a lack of vitamins will most
likely lead to hair loss
and weak breakable lashes that is why
you should eat
more products containing protein lean
meat
poultry eggs cheese milk and fish for
example
healthy fats are also very important for
your health the primary sources of such
fats are seeds
almonds avocados and olive oil eat more
leafy vegetables
kale cauliflower peas broccoli tomatoes
and
brussels sprouts and don't forget about
fruits they're a great source of
vitamins
pay particular attention to guavas
citrus fruits apples blueberries
strawberries and cranberries
if you leave mascara on your eyelashes
when you go to bed you can
seriously harm them it's almost the same
as leaving hairspray on your hair for
the whole night
as soon as your eyelashes touch the
pillow they will become broken
or damaged that's why you should always
take
time when removing your makeup in the
evening you can use special makeup
removers or
good old olive oil which is a perfect
cleanser
every now and then go for makeup breaks
the problem is that some mascaras
such as let's say waterproof ones have
particular components that make
lashes dry and fragile let your
eyelashes rest from several layers of
mascara once or twice a week
in addition get rid of your mascara
every three to six months
and buy a new one it will help you to
avoid eye infections
be careful not to pull on your eyelashes
you can accidentally do this while
curling them
unfortunately eyelash roots aren't very
long and they can easily fall out
no treatment can provide you with
instant results you will need to wait
two or three weeks to notice the first
positive changes
this peculiarity is connected with
eyelash growth phases
the average person loses four eyelashes
a day if you've noticed that you lose
more than that visit your doctor to
check your thyroid gland
if you follow these recommendations
you'll notice that your eyelashes have
become
visibly longer and thicker in a month on
top of that
they will also get stronger and won't
fall out as much
today it feels like you can choose from
500 hairspray varieties
but i prefer to know what's going in the
bottle so
i made it myself all it takes is a
quarter of a cup of milk
and an empty spray bottle yes you heard
me right
you simply have to pour some milk into a
spray bottle
spray it on so that your hair gets
saturated and leave it for 30 minutes
you probably know that milk is rich in
proteins and those help to strengthen
your hair and get rid of frizz
making your hair look smoother after the
treatment is finished
rinse your hair with regular cool water
once or twice a week is enough for this
procedure
it didn't give me immediate results but
you can get there if you do it regularly
i've always known aloe vera is a
universal soldier
sorry remedy for treating just about
anything
so i wasn't surprised to find out that
the enzymes in it work like natural hair
softeners
to smooth frizz and kinks plus if you
want to grow longer hair
aloe vera will be your best friend heat
a quarter of a cup of coconut oil or
olive oil
now add a quarter of a cup of aloe vera
gel and mix it all well
leave the remedy on your hair for about
40 minutes you'll love how it smells
and feels when it's time wash it off
with cool water and
again a mild shampoo do this once a week
[Music]
here comes another remedy you'll want to
eat because it smells so good
well stay strong and let the lemon juice
give your scalp a boost of vitamin c
coconut milk will only make the effect
stronger and you're gonna love how silky
soft your hair is becoming
i like this treatment because the
results are immediate
and you have to repeat it just once a
week to keep the effect
the only problem is for impatient people
here you have to leave the mixture
overnight for it to be ready
if the weight doesn't stop you
thoroughly mix a quarter of a cup of
coconut milk with one tablespoon of
lemon juice
put it in the fridge for the night in
the morning cover your hair with the
mixture
moving from the roots to the ends after
30 minutes wash it off with cool water
and a mild shampoo i used fenugreek in
two ways to treat my hair
i made a hair spray and a hair oil they
both do the trick
so it's your call which one you want to
go you can always change them up too
if you're more into hair sprays all you
need is half a bowl of fenugreek seeds
let them soak in water overnight the
next morning drain them and put the
water into a spray bottle
or rinse your hair with it after you
shampoo and
there you go just don't forget to do
this at least two to three times a week
i got results in just a week so it's
definitely something i swear by
as for the oil recipe you'll mix two
teaspoons of fenugreek seeds with a
handful of curry leaves
fry them on low medium heat for a couple
of minutes and then put them in a mixing
bowl
so that you can grind it into a powder
when everything's done
heat up two tablespoons of coconut oil
with two teaspoons of your powder
using low medium heat once again then
simply let the oil cool for a bit
strain it and rub it into your scalp
it's better to leave it on your hair for
about an hour
and then wash as usual of course there
are all kinds of other natural remedies
you can use to thicken up your hair
eggs are one of the best they give your
hair a much needed dose of protein
that'll make your strands strong and
thick plus
everybody has at least one egg in their
fridge at all times right
if you're short on time and just like to
do things the lazy way you can simply
beat one or two eggs
depending on how long your hair is put
the gooey stuff on damp hair
and leave it like that for about 30
minutes when the time comes
just wash your hair thoroughly with your
favorite shampoo
using this egg hair mask one to two
times a week will do the trick
and if you really want to boost the
effect add some coconut oil
take one egg yolk one tablespoon of
coconut oil
and two tablespoons of water massage
your scalp with this mixture
and leave it on your hair for 30 minutes
before rinsing it off with water
olive oil is another awesome oh natural
hair treatment
it's packed with essential vitamins like
a and e that are a must have for
gorgeous healthy hair
i prefer to use it on its own by warming
it up massaging my scalp with it and
leaving it on for about 30 to 45 minutes
or even overnight then i just wash my
hair as usual
and that's it another popular olive oil
hair treatment
includes honey because it complements
the olive oil really well
and makes it work even better if you
want to try this recipe
mix half a cup of honey and a quarter
cup of olive oil
and put the mixture in your hair for 30
minutes then rinse it off with lukewarm
water
and wash your hair like you normally do
while we're on the topic of oils
it's worth mentioning another important
natural oil that can help you on your
way to thicker hair
peppermint oil and there is no mile long
recipe for it either
you just have to add it to your shampoo
or conditioner i read that because it
has antiseptic and antimicrobial
properties
peppermint oil relieves a dry scalp gets
rid of dandruff
and promotes hair growth and shine use
it carefully though
just four to six drops of oil for every
ounce of your shampoo
or conditioner will do the trick get
your hands on
aloe vera leaf you can usually find them
at most health food stores
make sure you wash any dirt off it
really well you don't want to put that
in your hair
then cut it into a bunch of little
squares just go down to the leaf making
slices about
two fingers width apart next put the
aloe vera cubes into a bowl
along with some coconut oil heat it all
up together by placing this bowl into a
pot of hot water
you don't want to put the oil directly
on the stove because the heat would be
too strong
that's why you need the water kind of
like when you melt chocolate on the
stove top
[Music]
stir everything periodically so that the
coconut oil and the aloe vera juice get
all mixed up
nice and even do this for a few minutes
after letting the mixture cool off pour
it through a strainer into a different
bowl
so that you're left with just that yummy
oily goodness
then all you have to do is massage this
oil into your scalp
really focus it at the roots of your
hair although
i also put some on my ends too hey they
could use the moisture
after massaging it into your head let it
sit there for 40 minutes to an hour
i went the whole hour because well i
wanted to give it plenty of time to work
its magic
once it's done stewing in your hair you
can just hop in the shower
and wash the oil out with your regular
shampoo just make sure it's not a super
strong shampoo
you don't want it to be too harsh on
your hair and if it's easier
you can leave the oil mixture in your
hair overnight and wash it out in the
morning
i'd just recommend using a shower cap to
save your pillowcases
now just do that two to three times a
week for a couple of months or so
and i'm telling you you will see a
difference at around day 45
my hair was definitely shinier and
thicker
and just after the three month mark like
day 95
my hair was visibly longer i'm talking a
lot longer
it's easily growing two times faster
than it used to
if you have split or frizzy hair if it
looks
untidy and has no shape anymore if your
hair
tangles easily or gets lots of single
knots
you are probably way overdue for your
hair cutting appointment
especially if you want to have long hair
your locks will be longer if you trim
them on a regular basis
not because your hair will grow faster
but because the ends won't be splitting
and breaking
solution visit the hairdresser regularly
diy might be a handy practice for many
occasions
but coloring the hair is not one of them
unless you are a professional
hairdresser perhaps or at least know
exactly what you're doing most likely
you will end up going to a salon
anyhow but it will be way harder and
more costly to fix whatever you have
done
just let the professionals deal with it
from the beginning
solution a hairdresser appointment
when your hair is wet it is very
delicate and more prone to breakage
you can experiment a little to check it
next time you wash your hair
select one only one we don't want you to
get bald
and try to break it you will find that
it breaks
much easier compared to when the hair is
dry
the brush does the same thing but
instead of one hair
it breaks hundreds the heat from hot
tools
a curler or straightener makes the water
evaporate
extensively and as we all learn at
school
water expands with evaporation breaking
your hair
[Music]
plus using hot tools will simply fry
your hair to finish the damage
solution let it dry before brushing and
styling
and using some heat protection products
is also recommended
when you brush your hair lots of dead
skin particles end up on your brush even
if you cannot see it
dead skin is the perfect environment for
growing bacteria
all sorts of them apart of being simply
disgusting it can get transferred back
to your scalp if you don't wash your
hair brushes regularly
solution wash your brushes or put a
tissue onto the brush before combing
your hair
dispose of the tissue after brushing
leaving the brush itself
clean the glands in our scalp produce
natural oils that are essential for
healthy curls
and hot water can remove them making
your hair
dry and brittle over washing will
eventually do the same thing
the hairdressers recommend washing your
hair twice a week or three times if you
have very oily hair
solution don't wash your hair every day
and only use warm water
all hair styling products speed up the
process of hair getting unclean
when you want to make a ponytail or a
bun let it be more natural
[Music]
if you don't try to make every curl lie
in perfect order with loads of hairspray
the next day you will have beautiful and
clean hair
shampoos containing sls have been proved
to be safe for people
however if you still feel that they dry
your skin and your hair gets dirty too
fast
you can use sls free versions
[Music]
such products are less foaming but they
work wonders for removing dirt from your
hair
you just need to use them properly
a dryer curling iron or straightener can
also be the reason for dirty hair
[Music]
high temperatures make the oil glands
produce more secretions for the skin's
protection
300 degrees fahrenheit to 350 degrees
fahrenheit
150 degrees celsius to 180 degrees
celsius
is the perfect temperature for styling
peeling helps to remove dead cells and
stubborn dirt
it also strengthens the follicles and
stimulates hair growth
you can use homemade scrubs with proper
ingredients
pillow cases absorb the oils you use for
your hair and skin
this makes them a good ground for
malignant bacteria reproduction
making your hair unclean keep in mind
that you should change your pillowcases
at least once a week
wear a hat both in summer and in winter
cold and heat make your skin produce
sebum as a method of protection
as a result your hair roots become
greasy the ends on the contrary
become too dry and brittle remember that
you need to take care of your hair in
every season